README.md, before:

# Baking time!

This repo contains all the work done for the **Baking App** project of the Udacity's Android Developer Nanodegree.

## Application description

This app shows different cake recipes and the steps and ingredients needed for baking them.

The user is able to navigate the app selecting the desired recipe and its different steps to obtain the information needed in order to bake this delicious cakes!

TO-DO: Application organization and add some screenshots


## External resources

The image shown where a step doesn't contain a video was obatined from https://videomembertheme.szablonstrony.pl/wp-content/themes/videomembertheme/images/novideo.png

The logos shown in the RecipeDetail Activy are the follwing:

* recipe_book.png. Obtain from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)  and made by [smalllikeart](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smalllikeart) 

* cake.png.  Obtain from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)  and made by [Creaticca Creative Agency](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/creaticca-creative-agency)

Commit message:

Used Moshi to parse the recipe raw data, run Lint and started with DataBinding

README.md, after:

# Baking time!

This repo contains all the work done for the **Baking App** project of the Udacity's Android Developer Nanodegree.

## Application description

This app shows different cake recipes and the steps and ingredients needed for baking them.

The user is able to navigate the app selecting the desired recipe and its different steps to obtain the information needed in order to bake this delicious cakes!

TO-DO: Application organization and add some screenshots



### Relevant libraries used

- [Moshi](https://github.com/square/moshi) for parsing the recipes from JSON

- [ExoPlayer](https://github.com/google/ExoPlayer) for reproducing the step videos

## External resources

The image shown where a step doesn't contain a video was obatined from https://videomembertheme.szablonstrony.pl/wp-content/themes/videomembertheme/images/novideo.png

The logos shown in the RecipeDetail Activy are the follwing:

* recipe_book.png. Obtain from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)  and made by [smalllikeart](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smalllikeart) 

* cake.png.  Obtain from [flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)  and made by [Creaticca Creative Agency](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/creaticca-creative-agency)
